# An Example
This might be hard to visualize, so let’s walk through several physical examples. Let’s make a class called `MyPetDog`. This class should represent a pet dog. Some instance variables it would store would be a string representing the name of the dog, an integer that is the age of the dog, and another string that could be the dog breed. A method this class has is `bark()` that, as the name implies, causes the dog to bark! 

An instantiated version of this class (an object) would have those instance variables filled out. For example, Paul on the teaching team has a lovely little dog. This dog would have those instance variables instantiated (that is to say, set on creation of the object) as expected. So, the name would be “Cas”, age would be 6, and breed would be “Cocker Spaniel”. Another person might have their own dog, with a unique name, age and breed, say Fido the 3-year-old golden retriever. Just like how the type is the form a primitive variable can take (`int` can be any integer within +/- 2^31), the class is the form an object can take (in the previous example, any combination of name, age, and breed).

## How does an Object Know What It Is?

One question you might have had during this example is how does `MyPetDog` get the data for it’s name, age, and breed? That is typically the job of a constructor. A constructor, as the name implies, is a method that builds the object when it is first initialized. Every single class has one, even if you do not specifically write one! This default constructor is generated by the programming language, and usually does nothing. The constructor is used to initialize the instance variables for an object. A constructor for `MyPetDog` would take in the name, age, and breed of our pet.
You have secretly already seen a constructor in this course! Remember how you had to have that weird `new` keyword when you made that array in assignment 1? Well, the `array()` in `new array()` is a constructor for an array object.

Java implementation of all this will be covered in the following sections
